

Create a console .Net core app.
In the same Program.cs file that the class Progam is defined, after the closing brace of the class
Program definition, insert a new public class named Student. The idea of this class is to model students
and we could create lots of student objects, but we will test it with just three.
In the Main method, add a Console.Readline() at the end of that code. Run your program. It won’t do
much, but debug any problems before proceeding.
Now, back in this Student class, create a FirstName and also a LastName property. Again, run your
program to check for errors.
Write a constructor method that takes in 2 strings, use those two passed in values to set the FirstName
and LastName properties.
Create a private array of type double named grades of size 4. This is a good old array as you used in
Prog 110. Look in my Prog110 WORD book in the reference folder if you can’t remember arrays.
Hard code the grades to be a 9, 10, 8, 10 (yes, all students will have the same grades!)
Now add a 2nd method called GradeAverage which takes no input parameters but returns a double. In
the method’s code, calculate the average of the 4 array values and return that double value.
We are done with the Student class. Run the program and check for errors.
Now move to the Main method.
Create an array of type Student and size 3
Create three student objects from your Student class, setting their names with the constructor call. You
can “hard code” these, they do not have to be entered from user input, but certainly you can if you like,
add each of your student objects to that array.
Build a loop that loops thru the array and writes out the students first and last name. Debug this and
get this all working.
Now edit your loop so that it writes out first name last name and the grade average (using a call to the
objects GradeAverage method. Use placeholder in the Console.WriteLine and the output should look
like:
My name is John Doe and my average is 9.25
My name is Suzie Que and my average is 9.25
My name is Bugs Bunny and my average is 9.25
Make sure you are high in the directory structure and ZIP ALL the files in this solution and submit to
canvas.
